docs: minor typo correction in README.MD (#146)
googlemaps/android-samples: README.md

--------------

See each sample for pre-requisites.

> All require an updated versions of the Android build tools and the Android support repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All require an up-to-date versions of the Android build tools and the Android support repository.
```

Author: @googlebot I signed it!
